This topics i started the learning by the mosh youtube channel
Here i am write down all the notes that i gonna learn via lecture document whatever

1. Machine Learning Aoolications :-
- Self Driving car 
- Robotics
- Language processing
- Vision processing
- Forecasting Stock Market Trends


2. ML Steps:-
1. Import Data
2. Clean the Data (Cuz it can give the wrong answer thats why it need to Clean)
3. Split the Data into Training / Test Sets (We split the data into two segment Training and testing Like if 80% of data for Training and 20% of data for testing)
4. create a Model ( Selecting the algorithm to analyize data there are too many algorithm to analyize such as decission tree, neural network and so on, each algorithm has pros and cons)
- Scikit-learn(Open source python library used for Machine Learning and data modeling )
5. Train the model
6. Make Predictions
7. Evaluate and Improve(This is why we need more accuracy)

3. Libraries and Tools
 1. Numpy -> Provide a mutlidimessional array
 2. Pandas -> Data Analysis library provide a concept called data frame. A data frame has two dimenssional data structure similer to an excel spreadsheet. so we have row and coloumns
 3. MatPlotLib -> Two dimenssional plotting library for creating graphs on plots.
 4. Scikit-learn -> Open source python library used for Machine Learning and data modeling that provide the algorithms likes decission tree, neural networks and so on.

4. Here we used Jupyter but technically we can used vs code but the Jupyter is more idol for Machine Learning Projects 
- here we used the Jupyter on Anaconda so first download the Anaconda

5. Importing a Data set from Kaggle.com
   Open -> signIn -> video game sales(Search This on search bar) -> download the data set

 => Code that help you to basic understanding 
     import pandas as pd

     df = pd.read_csv('vgsales.csv')
     df   # Displays the complete dataset
     df.shape   # Returns the number of rows and columns
     df.describe()      # Generates descriptive statistics for numerical columns // it return the basic info
     df.values # Returns all DataFrame values as a NumPy array

6. Jupyter Shortcuts
   A - create space(line),(cell) on upper
   B - create space(line),(cell) down
   D - double press to delete line
   ctrl+Enter - run selected cell and do not advance 
   shift+Enter - run selected cell
   Alt + Enter - run selected cell and Insert below

  

